+++
title = "Cookies policy"
description = "A cookie is a text file that is stored on the computer or mobile device by a Web server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the content of the cookie and allow the Website to remember browsing preferences and navigate efficiently. Cookies make the interaction between the user and the website faster and easier."
+++

GENERAL INFORMATION

This website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files generated by the web pages you visit, which contain session data that may be useful later on the web page. In this way this Website remembers information about your visit, which can facilitate your next visit and make the Website more useful to you.

HOW DO COOKIES WORK?

Cookies can only store text, it is usually always anonymous and encrypted. No personal information will be stored in a cookie, nor can it be associated with an identified or identifiable person. The data allows this website to maintain your information between pages, and also to analyze the way you interact with the website. Cookies are secure because they can only store information that was put in place by the browser, which is information that the user has entered into the browser or that is included in the page request. You cannot run the code and it cannot be used to access your computer. If a website encrypts the cookie information, only the website can read the information.

WHAT TYPE OF COOKIES DO WE USE?

The cookies used by this website can be distinguished according to the following criteria:

Types of cookies according to the entity that manages them:

Depending on who is the entity that manages the equipment or domain from which the cookies are sent and processes the data obtained, we can distinguish:

- Own cookies: These are those that are sent to the user's terminal equipment from a computer or domain managed by the editor itself and from which the service requested by the user is provided.
- Third-party cookies: These are those that are sent to the user's terminal equipment from a computer or domain that is not managed by the editor, but by another entity that processes the data obtained through cookies.
In the event that the cookies are installed from a computer or domain managed by the editor itself but the information collected through them is managed by a third party, they cannot be considered as own cookies.

Types of cookies according to the period of time they remain activated:

Depending on the period of time they remain activated in the terminal equipment, we can distinguish:

- Session cookies: These are a type of cookies designed to collect and store data while the user accesses a web page. They are usually used to store information that is only interesting to keep for the provision of the service requested by the user on a single occasion (e.g. a list of products purchased).
- Persistent cookies: These are a type of cookie in which the data continues to be stored in the terminal and can be accessed and processed for a period defined by the person responsible for the cookie, which can range from a few minutes to several years.

Types of cookies according to their purpose:

Depending on the purpose for which the data obtained through cookies is processed, we can distinguish between:

- Technical cookies: These are those that allow the user to navigate through a web page, platform or application and use the different options or services that exist there, such as, for example, controlling traffic and data communication, identifying the session, access restricted access parts, remember the elements that make up an order, carry out the purchase process of an order, make a request for registration or participation in an event, use security elements during navigation, store content for dissemination of videos or sound or share content through social networks.
- Personalization cookies: These are those that allow the user to access the service with some predefined general characteristics based on a series of criteria on the user's terminal, such as the language, the type of browser through which the user accesses the service. , the locale from where you access the service, etc.
- Analysis cookies: These are those that allow the person responsible for them to monitor and analyze the behavior of the users of the websites to which they are linked. The information collected through this type of cookies is used to measure the activity of the websites, applications or platforms and to prepare navigation profiles of the users of said sites, applications and platforms, in order to introduce improvements in based on the analysis of usage data made by users of the service.

COOKIE MANAGEMENT TOOL

This website uses Google Analytics.

Google Analytics is a free web analytics tool from Google that primarily allows website owners to understand how users interact with their website. Additionally, enable cookies on the domain of the site you are on and use a set of cookies called “__utma” and “__utmz” to collect information anonymously and compile website trend reports without identifying individual users. To compile statistics on the use of this Website, we use cookies in order to know the level of recurrence of our visitors and the content that is most interesting. In this way we can concentrate our efforts on improving the most visited areas and making it easier for the user to find what they are looking for. On this Website, the information about your visit may be used to carry out statistical evaluations and calculations on anonymous data, as well as to guarantee the continuity of the service or to make improvements to its websites. For more details, consult the [privacy policy](http://www.google.com/intl/es/policies/privacy/) at the following link.

HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES ON YOUR COMPUTER: DEACTIVATING AND DELETING COOKIES

All Internet browsers allow you to limit the behavior of a cookie or disable cookies within the browser settings or options. The steps to do this are different for each browser, instructions can be found in your browser's help menu.

If you do not accept the use of cookies, as it is possible thanks to the preferences menus or settings of your browser, reject them, this Website will continue to function properly without their use.

You can allow, block or delete cookies installed on your computer by configuring the options of the browser installed on your computer:

- For more information about Chrome click [here](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=es).
- For more information about Safari click [here](http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677?viewlocale=es_ES&locale=es_ES).
- For more information about Firefox click [here](https://support.mozilla.org/es/kb/Delete%20cookies).
- For more information about Internet Explorer click [here](http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9).